# Data Science Work
This repository contains my submissions for several challenges on Kaggle and other data science projects

## [Bike Sharing Demand](https://github.com/ayushoriginal/DataScienceWork/tree/master/BikeSharingDemand)
###AIM: Forecast use of a city bikeshare system

Bike sharing systems are a means of renting bicycles where the process of obtaining membership, rental, and bike return is automated via a network of kiosk locations throughout a city. Using these systems, people are able rent a bike from a one location and return it to a different place on an as-needed basis. Currently, there are over 500 bike-sharing programs around the world.

The data generated by these systems makes them attractive for researchers because the duration of travel, departure location, arrival location, and time elapsed is explicitly recorded. Bike sharing systems therefore function as a sensor network, which can be used for studying mobility in a city. In this competition, participants are asked to combine historical usage patterns with weather data in order to forecast bike rental demand in the Capital Bikeshare program in Washington, D.C.

The goal of this challenge is to build a model that predicts the count of bike shared, exclusively based on contextual features. The first part of this challenge was aimed to understand, to analyse and to process those dataset. I wanted to produce meaningful information with plots. The second part was to build a model and use a Machine Learning library in order to predict the count.


## [NYC Taxi Trips](https://github.com/ayushoriginal/DataScienceWork/tree/master/TaxiTrip)
###AIM: Predict the total ride duration of taxis
The challenge is to build a model that predicts the total ride duration of taxi trips in New York City. The primary dataset is one released by the NYC Taxi and Limousine Commission, which includes pickup time, geo-coordinates, number of passengers, and several other variables.


## [Face Recognition](https://github.com/ayushoriginal/DataScienceWork/tree/master/FaceRecognition)
###AIM: Predict keypoint positions on face images
The objective of this task is to predict keypoint positions on face images. This can be used as a building block in several applications, such as:

-tracking faces in images and video
-analysing facial expressions
-detecting dysmorphic facial signs for medical diagnosis
-biometrics / face recognition

Detecing facial keypoints is a very challenging problem.  Facial features vary greatly from one individual to another, and even for a single individual, there is a large amount of variation due to 3D pose, size, position, viewing angle, and illumination conditions. Computer vision research has come a long way in addressing these difficulties, but there remain many opportunities for improvement.
Modern face recognition with deep learning and HOG algorithm. Using dlib C++ library, I have a quick face recognition tool using few pictures

## [Playing with Soccer data](https://github.com/ayushoriginal/DataScienceWork/tree/master/Soccer)
As a soccer fan and a data passionate, I wanted to play and analyze with soccer data.  
I don't know currently what's the aim of this project but I will parse data from diverse websites, for differents teams and differents players. 


## [Kaggle Understanding the Amazon from Space](https://github.com/ayushoriginal/DataScienceWork/tree/master/Amazon) 
Use satellite data to track the human footprint in the Amazon rainforest.  
Deep Learning model (using Keras) to label satellite images.

## [Predicting IMDB movie rating](https://github.com/ayushoriginal/DataScienceWork/tree/master/MovieRating)
Project inspired by Chuan Sun [work](https://www.kaggle.com/deepmatrix/imdb-5000-movie-dataset)  
How can we tell the greatness of a movie ?  
 
## [Twitter Parsing](https://github.com/ayushoriginal/DataScienceWork/tree/master/TwitterParsing)
###AIM: Check every 2 hours, if Chris Albon has posted new flash cards. In this case, download them and send me a summary email.

I've recently discovered the Chris Albon Machine Learning flash cards and I want to download those flash cards but the official Twitter API has a limit rate of 2 weeks old tweets so I had to find a way to bypass this limitation : use Selenium and PhantomJS.
